a to
como as
veces sometimes
abrir open
abuelo grandpa
abuelos grandparents
accidente accident
actuar act
adentro inside
adiós bye
adivinar guess
admitir admit
afortunado lucky
afuera outside
agarrar catch
agenda agenda
agua water
ahora now
ahorrar save
aire air
lado beside
algo something
alguno some
allí there
almuerzo lunch
alrededor around
alto high
amable kind
amarillo yellow
ambos both
americano American
americano american
amigo friend
amor love
anillo ring
antes before
año year
años years
apartamento apartment
apostar bet
apreciar appreciate
aprender learn
aquel that
aquellos those
aquí here
arreglar fix
arriba up
arrojar throw
asistir attend
asi so
atacar attack
atención attention
atrás back
autobús bus
ayudar help
azul blue
bailar dance
bar bar
bebe baby
beber drink
besar kiss
bien well
bienvenido welcome
blanco white
boca mouth
boda wedding
bolígrafo pen
bonito pretty
brazo arm
bueno good
cabeza head
caballo horse
caer fall
cada every
café coffee
caja box
calendario calendar
caliente hot
calle street
calmar calm
cama bed
cambiar change
caminar walk
camino road
cara face
cárcel jail
carta letter
cartas letters
casa house
casamiento marriage
casarse marry
casi almost
caso case
causa cause
cena dinner
cerca near
cerrar close
chico boy
chileno Chilean
chileno chilean
cien hundred
ciertamente certainly
cinco five
cinta tape
cita date
ciudad city
claro clear
clase class
clientes customers
cliente customer
club club
coche car
código code
colgar hang
combinación combination
combinaciones combinations
comenzar start
comer eat
comida food
comido eaten
cómo how
compañía company
completo complete
comprar buy
comprención comprehension
comprobar check
comun common
conducir drive
con with
confiar trust
conocer known
contar count
contra against
control control
corazón heart
correr run
cortar cut
corte court
corto short
cosa thing
creer believe
crujientes crisps
cuál which
cuándo when
cuatro four
cuerpo body
cuidadoso careful
culpa blame
cumpleaños birthday
curso course
dañar hurt
dar give
de of
debajo under
deber owe
decir say
decir tell
decisión decision
dedo finger
definitivamente definitely
departamento department
derecha right
desayuno breakfast
descansar rest
desde since
desear wish
despertar wake
después after
detrás behind
día day
diálogo dialogue
diez ten
diferente different
difícil difficult
dinero money
disfrutar enjoy
disparar shoot
diversión fun
divertido funny
doctor doctor
dolor pain
dónde where
dormir sleep
dos two
dulce sweet
duro hard
edificio building
efectivo cash
el the
el The
el he
el the
elección choice
ella she
ellos they
Ellos They
en at
en on
en On
en in
encontrar find
enfadado angry
enfermo sick
entender understand
entero whole
entonces then
entre between
enviar send
envio sent
equipo team
equivocado wrong
errar miss
es is
eso it
eso them
eso It
error mistake
escribir write
escritorio desk
escuchar listen
escuela school
español Spanish
español spanish
especial special
esperanza hope
esperar wait
esposa wife
estado state
estar be
esto this
estos these
evidencia evidence
exactamente exactly
excepto except
excusa excuse
experiencia experience
explicar explain
fácil easy
familia family
favor favour
fecha date
feliz happy
fiesta party
fines-semanas weekends
fin-semana weekend
finalizar end
firmar sign
frio cold
frito fried
fritos fries
frituras chips
fue was
fuego fire
fuerte strong
futuro future
gafas glasses
ganar win
gastar spend
gato cat
gente people
grande big
grado grade
gratis free
guerra war
gustar like
habitación room
hablar speak
hacer do
hacer make
hasta until
hecho fact
hermana sister
hermano brother
hermanas sisters
hermanos brothers
hermoso beautiful
hielo Ice
hija daughter
hijo son
historia story
hogar home
hola hello
hola hi
Hola Hello
hola Hi
hombre man
honesto honest
honor honour
hora hour
hospital hospital
hotel hotel
hoy today
humano human
icono icon
idea idea
identificado identified
identidad identity
iglesia church
igual same
imaginar imagine
importante important
información information
ingles english
ingles English
innovación innovation
intentar try
interesante interesting
internacional international
introducido introduced
ir go
izquierda left
joven young
juego game
judios jews
judios Jews
jugar play
juntos together
justo fair
la the
lado side
lápiz pencil
largo long
lavar wash
leer read
leyendo reading
lejos far
levantar pick
ley law
libro book
limpio clean
línea line
lío mess
lista list
listo ready
llaman calls
llamar call
llamado called
lleno full
lluvia rain
lo him
loco crazy
lucha fight
lugar place
luz light
madre mother
malo bad
manejar handle
mano hand
mantener keep
mañana tomorrow
maravilloso wonderful
marido husband
marrón brown
más more
mecanico mechanic
medio middle
mejor better
mencionar mention
menos less
mensaje message
mentir lie
merecer deserve
mes month
mesa table
mi my
Mi My
mientras while
mil thousand
millón million
minuto minute
mío mine
mirar look
mojado wet
monton lot
momento moment
mostrar show
mostrando showing
mover move
mucho many
mujer woman
mundo world
música music
muy very
nada nothing
nadie nobody
necesitar need
negocios business
negro black
niña girl
niño boy
niños children
nivel level
no no
no not
noche night
nombre name
nosotros we
nosotros We
nota note
novio boyfriend
nuestro our
nuevamente again
nuevo new
número number
nunca never
o or
observar watch
obtiene gets
obvio obvious
ocho eight
ocupado busy
odiar hate
oficina office
ofrecer offer
oír hear
olvidar forget
original original
originalmente originally
ordenador computer
ordenar order
orgulloso proud
oscuro dark
padre father
pagar pay
país country
palabra word
palo stick
papá father
papa potato
papa Potato
papas potatoes
papel paper
par even
parado stand
parar stop
pared wall
pareja couple
parte part
pasado past
pasar pass
paso step
pegar hit
película movie
peligro danger
pelo hair
pensar think
peor worse
pequeño small
perder lose
perdido lost
perdón sorry
perdonar forgive
perfecto perfect
permanecer stay
pero but
perro dog
persona person
personal personal
pertenecer belong
pescado fish
pie foot
plan plan 
plato dish
pobre poor
poco little
poder can
policía police
poner put
por for
porfavor please
porque because
porqué why
portugues Portuguese
posible possible
practicar practise
precio price
pregunta question
preguntas questions
preguntar ask
preocuparse worry
presidente president
primero first
primo cousin
primos cousins
prisión prison
probablemente probably
probar prove
problema problem
programador programmer
pronto soon
proteger protect
próximo next
publico public
pueblo town
puerta door
punto point
qué what
querer want
querido dear
quién who
quizás perhaps
radio radio
rápido fast
razón reason
real real
realizar realize
realmente really
recordar remember
recto straight
regalo gift
relajar relax
respetar respect
respuesta answer
reunión meeting
reunirse meet
rojo red
romper break
saber know
saltar jump
sangre blood
seco dry
secreto secret
seguir follow
segundo second
seguro sure
seis six
semana week
sentarse sit
sentir feel
separadamente separately
ser be
serio serious
sexo sex
si if
sí yes
siempre always
siendo been
siete seven
significar mean
siglos centuries
siglo century
silla chair
simple simple
sin without
situación situation
socio partner
sofá sofa
solamente only
solo alone
son are
sonar sound
sorpresa surprise
sostener hold
soy am
su her
su His
suceder happen
sueño dream
suerte luck
suficiente enough
sujetos subjects
suma sum
suponer suppose
suyo yours
talvez maybe
también also
tarde late
teléfono phone
temprano early
tener have
terminar finish
terrible terrible
test test
texto text
textos texts
tía aunt
tias aunts
tiempo time
tío uncle
tíos uncles
tocar touch
todavía still
todo all
tomar take
total total
trabajar work
trabaja works
trabajo job
traer bring
tranquilo quiet
tres three
tú you
tu your
tú You
turno turn
tuyo yours
último last
un an
un a
uno one
unidos united
Unidos United
uso usage
usar use
usado used
usted you
usualmente usually
varios various
vaso glass
veinte twenty
venir come
viene came
ventana window
ver see
verdad truth
verdadero true
verde green
vestido dress
viaje trip
vida life
viejo old
mayor older
venir come
vino come
vivir live
viviendo living
voluntad will
vosotros you
voz voice
vuestro your
y and
ya already
yo I